Data Science is a couple of multiple scientific discoveries and the practices that are involved in the collections, managing, processing, analysis, visualizations, and interpretations of vast amount of heterogeneous data were associated with a diverse array of Scientific transitional, and cross-curricular applications (Definition source: - DSI). The Statisticians doing work daily in their Professional part will see this as nothing new and was considered standard when they were in their graduate School. The University of Michigan told statisticians that DSI is also taking place within the campus with a highly and large towards respected Statistics Department. Statistics are a part of Data Science, but not a noticeably big part of that. Due to arise in Data Science, the statistician profession was caught at a confused moment as various professional statistics were reacting. Alternatively, there were few journals and University who marked Data Science is a Statistics, and there is no need for Data Science. Statistics was created at the beginning of modern efforts to compile poll data that is the out-to-out data about all occupants of a country, United States which can also considered as equivalent to today’s big data, but it has all around for greater than 200 years, Statisticians have been comfortable with big data for years and have been collecting conferences for several years. Generally, in Science and Mathematical Statistics researchers have been collecting data for years on vast number of datasets and have produced core discoveries like sampling and sufficiency. Big data technologies like Hadoop, Spark offers us is that it uses the concept of clustering computing by dividing the big data sets among many computers in different clusters, and each computer use its maximum processing power on the clustered data, and what can we achieved is combined maximum processing of all the distinct computers to complete the processing of large dataset. The real time example: In India 2010 there were no smart phones in the villages but at the time data scientists told that in 2015 there will no village with using knowing the smartphone. The software, databases, and workflow management taught in the graduate program may not have the specific to be the same as those used by one of another employers. There is a difference between a statistical degree and a DS degree is added informational technical training. DS does not stand even in basic scrutiny, 8 billion people will be connected to the network, and will therefore be in data sources, generating a vast array of data about their activities and preferences. There is a solid case for entity called ‘Data Science’ to be create, which would be a true science: facing important questions of a last nature and using scientiﬁcally rigorous techniques to attack those questions. The would-be notion of Data Science is different from the Data Science being touted today, although there is signiﬁcant overlap. The would be a notion taken in Data Science as the science of learning from data, with all those entails. It is matched to the most essential developments in science which will rise over the upcoming 50 years 